kMaxDatagramSize -> max_datagram_size (#3167)
quicwg/base-drafts: draft-ietf-quic-recovery.md

Variables required to implement the congestion control mechanisms
are described in this section.

max_datagram_size:
: The sender's current maximum payload size. Does not include UDP or IP
  overhead.  The max datagram size is used for calculating initial and

>   minimum congestion windows. The RECOMMENDED value is 1200 bytes.

Reviewer: This can't be less than 1200.  Worth adding?

Author: Done, PTAL.

Variables required to implement the congestion control mechanisms
are described in this section.

max_datagram_size:
: The sender's current maximum payload size. Does not include UDP or IP

>   overhead.  The max datagram size is used for calculating the minimum

Reviewer 2: Used for min, init, and cwnd increases, not just for min.
```suggestion
  overhead.  The max datagram size is used for congestion window
```

>   congestion window. An endpoint sets the value of this variable based on its

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  computations. An endpoint sets the value of this variable based on its
```

Variables required to implement the congestion control mechanisms
are described in this section.

max_datagram_size:
: The sender's current maximum payload size. Does not include UDP or IP
  overhead.  The max datagram size is used for calculating initial and

>   minimum congestion windows. The RECOMMENDED value is 1200 bytes, may be

Reviewer 2: I think this is actually wrong. (i) It's used for computing cwnd increases as well, but I would drop that list, and (ii) we don't need to recommend 1200, we need to require at least 1200, in keeping with the transport draft.

```suggestion
The sender's current maximum payload size. Does not include UDP or IP overhead.  The max datagram size is used for calculating  minimum congestion windows. An endpoint sets the value of this variable based on its PMTU, with a minimum value of 1200 bytes (see Section 14 of {{QUIC-TRANSPORT}}).
```
